The sun shines in the darkness of the night
Oh, he's gone.
He's going to climb the sky.
Isn't it dangerous?
I wonder if he's drunk.
Mr. Rainy-Fish, be careful on the way.
The rain stopped, the rain stopped.
The weather was clear.
Come on, let's play.
The rain stopped, the rain stopped.
The weather was clear.
Mr. Rainy-Fish,
I hope you'll come again next time.
What are you saying?
Oh, Mr. Salo and Mr. Midori.
I just heard a funny story about Mr. Rainy-Fish.
What?
Mr. Rainy-Fish told you a story?
What are you talking about?
You must have seen it in your dream.
No, it's true.
And when the sun came out,
it evaporated and climbed the sky again.
I'm sure it will come again next time.
Oh, really?
That's funny.
We wanted to see it, too.
Well, let's sing the song of Mr. Rainy-Fish.
Let's sing.
Mr. Rainy-Fish, you're a little dirty.
I'm so jealous of you.
Mr. Jun姫
I'll go down to the hell.
Mr. Jun Отaren
Mr. Jun Skid
Mr. Jun Bridvaccine
Mr. Jun Bridgif
The End
Thank you for watching!